The amazing week of code.

Last year Apple awarded me with a ticket for the WWDC 2014 Student Scholarship conference. That week was probably the best one of my life.
It was an opportunity to meet lots of devs and talented guys from all over the world and to make new friendships.
I learned so many things and so many new aspects of iOS Development that I didn't know before.



"Nicola, you won a Scholarship!"

I received the news of winning at 2:15 AM.
I couldn’t sleep anymore that night! 
The next day, the big news was already in the newspapers and on the radio and lots of people congratulated me. The news went viral in the whole Republic of San Marino.
Before departing, the San Marino National TV and several newspapers interviewed me.



An endless - but terrific - trip

I took a flight from Venice, Italy airport (VCE) on May 31st with a stopover in Toronto, Canada (YYZ). 
It took about 16 hours, but I liked it because of the never-ending sunset over the sky of the United States.
The following day, I took my WWDC pass and visited the headquarters of One Infinite Loop with the other participants.



Keynote day: it's selfie time!

The day of the keynote, I was standing in line at the Moscone Center at 5AM and there, I met a guy from Rimini - a city 20 km from mine (what a small world!). He now works in Montreal.
The minutes heading up to the keynote were full of emotions: thinking about the fact that the previous year I watched it at home gave me goosebumps.

The keynote was incredible and I had to comment it live with my friends back home.
After the keynote, I had the honor of meeting personally Tim Cook, to shake his hand and to take a picture with him - the famous "Selfie" that went viral in San Marino and in Romagna. P.S. I hate selfie sticks 😄



A life lesson.

During the sessions, I learned the deeper aspects and features of the framework of iOS that were not I didn't know enough.
Apple engineers were very kind and helpful in answering all my questions about Swift. It was a highly formative experience!

... and the WWDC14 jacket! Walking around San Francisco wearing it, made you look like a superhero! 😄



Young devs from around the world.

I was amazed to see so many guys younger than me (from 13 years old) attending the conference. I got the chance to meet many of my peers from all around the world (USA, UK, Germany, Lebanon, etc.), including Italian speakers: Patrick from Switzerland, Gabriele and Davide from Bologna (they also attend the University of Bologna like me).



"...and if you close your eyes,
does it almost feel like
you've been here before?"

After a week of sessions, tutorials, meetings, long walks from Moscone to my hotel and the little spare time for shopping, the Bash was the most relaxing and amusing moment of the conference.
Bastille really deserved the stage with their unique show.



Time to pack and get back to normal life.

I wanted to stay longer in San Francisco, to visit the city better... but the university and the study were calling me.
After my return, many people complimented me for the experience, including professors Luciano Margara (President of University of Bologna - Campus of Cesena) and Mirko Viroli. It was a really nice way to kick off the summer!

Many newspapers wrote about my participation at the WWDC on a national scale, including Corriere della Sera, Panorama This is Italy, Yahoo! Finance, Il Resto del Carlino and San Marino RTV.
Dozens of local newspapers, then, took over the news.